| date     | title | blurb | image                                   |
| -------- | ----- | ----- | --------------------------------------- |
| 8/8/2025 | LIFE  | yea   | /content/images/08082025_life/post.jpeg |

# LIFE

> To see the world, things dangerous to come to, to see behind walls, draw closer, to find each other, and to feel. That is the purpose of life.

## End of summer

Summer is already coming to an end. I'm sitting in my empty airbnb house, procrastinating on packing, and reflecting on the past 10 weeks. I'd say this summer was ok - not as fun as last summer in Raleigh (never thought I'd say that place is fun but I really miss everyone), but I still tried to make the most of what I had. I walked a ton, started running, picked up my new camera and learned more about photography, and overall spent a lot of time doing things by myself. I had a couple weekend excursions with friends and family, but it really was a summer of me.

One thing I learned is that I don't want to live in Texas for much longer, if at all. The cities are fine and reasonably priced, but after moving here I quickly discovered that they weren't joking about the 3 months where daytime outdoor activities are off the table - and there aren't many outdoor activities to do anyways. The closest stuff is an 8 hour drive away in West Texas. In the cities, it's all highway, suburban sprawl, and the occasional haven of (what I consider to be) livability and culture. If my education and experience are really setting me up to have career options in more desirable places, I should seek those out instead of pigeonholing me into what I had this summer.

## Back to school

I'm going into my last semester of school (undergrad) and the finality of it is starting to hit me. I have so much to do and so little time. In my head I have all these things I'd like to do planned out but I know as soon as the class workloads start hitting I'll be back to ol' grind.

Something I seriously want to do, though, is start working towards a private pilots license. It's going to be expensive, but I figure when else in my life am I going to have such easy access to planes, instructors, and the low costs the club offers? And if I'm really that committed and excited about it, I might as well go for it. I recently found out the flying club also does free flights where you can go ride with a member in one of their 172s over the Atlanta skyline. If nothing else, I absolutely need to do that.

I'm excited to be back and to see all my friends again. Despite my complaining about time, we already have some fun activities already lined up between hacky sack in NYC and the football game in Colorado. I'm sure more fun stuff will pop up over the semester.

---

So why the title and quote at the top of this post? A few weeks ago I watched _The Secret Life of Walter Mitty_, and that movie really resonated with me. The main character's journey from his mundane life to the incredible adventures to find the photographer is so sweet and fulfilling to watch. The past two years have kinda been like that journey for me. I've gotten more comfortable meeting new people, trying new experiences, seeking out interesting things to see, and making deep connections with my friends. I want to keep living like that and sometimes I'm scared I'll run out of time before I can do everything. Maybe I'll take a gap year after grad school.
